[MAINT] always run tests in random order (#4653)
nilearn/nilearn: .github/workflows/README.md

Tries to install Nilearn from wheel & check installation on all operating systems.

### detect_test_pollution.yml

Runs once a month.
Use pytest with the pytest-random-order plugin to run all tests in a random order.
This aims to detect tests that are not properly isolated from each other (test pollution).

### testing_minimum.yml

> Runs once a month.

Author: needed updating

> Runs and push to main and once a month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runs and pushes to main, once a month.
```

Author: nope

but let me try to rephrase to see if this is clearer

> Runs and push to main and once a month.

Author: ```suggestion
This workflow is triggered when a new commit is pushed to the main branch (or when a pull request is merged) and is also automatically run once a month.
```

Author: @man-shu is this clearer?

Reviewer: Oh I see! 
Yes this is clearer indeed
